
4 July 2013 K5TR
Mode switching from the program does not seem to work on 6 meters
and up - it does not change the mode on the radio.
KES -- still open -- I don't understand

Some of the ALT commands do not work if I have the 'caps lock' key on.
Like ALT-C or ALT-Q or ALT-S or ALT-H
KES -- Tried to fix this, but broke F1 etc. need to do this more carefully


9 July 2013 K5TR
I can not get the left control-shift to put the radio in tune.
Is this a winkeyer link that is not programed in?
KES (with caps lock/num lock) -- fixed in 0.21.

23 July 2013 K5TR
Another bug to add to the list I think.

I am here at my station with K5OT and we are trying to
get the inactive radio CQ and other similar CW messages to work.

Adding CTL-A to a message memory seems to do the radio switch stuff
but the winkeyer does not send code.  I am thinking this is a winkeyer
issue now that I think about it.

Also the control (special) characters do not display in
the messages in the xterm window as they do in MSDOS.  I am not
sure there is a way to do anything about that or not - it was
useful in DOS to see them to confirm they are there.

24 July 2013 DH5FS
- CTRL-Shift Tune does not work, just sends out a dit
- NEXTBANDMAP works, but its very slow...usually I switch VY fast trough
the bandmap ;-)
- INITIAL.EX does not get read and consequently doesnt show information
  I think this works correctly. It is only read when there is no RESTART.BIN
  or equivalent.

9 September 2013
K5TR
program crashes on logging of a call with no TRMASTER.DTA. Crashes on
3 character of call with SCP MINIMUM LETTERS = 3

18 September 2013
K5TR found a packet spot frequency bug. This led to uncovering a whole
slough of problems with the frequency stuff. I rewrote some of this,
but I have not changed the frequencyadder. It is still messed up.

1 November 2013
When he tunes up past 14.350 and out of the band the program
just closes - xterm window disappears. 
-I haven't  been able to reproduce this. I only tried on the 32 bit version

17 November 2013
K5TR reports bandmap flashing with incoming packet spots. This may
be related to other flashing issues where 
